# t04 Sprint 3 Meeting Minutes

## Sunday 10/17/2021
- Jess, as sprint 2 scrum master, will create a sprint 2 review slide for the P2 presentation
- Sprint retro discussion will occur on Tuesday in class to give people a few more days to fill out the board
- Morgan is making progress on the front end
- Joshua made some change to the class diagram (e.g. where API calls "go")

## Sunday 10/24/2021
- Joshua has a pull request for the development manual
- Malachy is continuing with implementation of Queen and Knight
- Saatwika will be doing the presentation
- Jess will upload her contributions for the presentation
- Varshik and Malachy will help Morgan with other frontend implementation
- Thursdays at 2:45 will be our new weekly meeting time

## Thursday 10/28/2021
- Morgan and Varshik have had issues with IDE's
  - Hopefully the issues will get solved prior to P2's due date
- Varshik will help with UI for the home page
- Joshua created a user infomation database (user management)
- We will meet hopefully Sunday 10/31 to touch base before P2 is due
  - We need to decide scrum masters for the rest of the semester
- Saatwika will create a retrospective board for Sprint 3

## Sunday 10/31/2021
- Morgan is still having IDE issues but Joshua helped fix Morgan’s code in order to allow it to build
- If anyone else has IDE issues, Malachy has figured out his setup and can connect with others
  - Malachy has spent a lot of time working on environment setup issues
- Varshik and Saatwika working on P2 presentation, will finish asap
- Varshik working on main home page components after a user logs in such as, start/end game, search for other users
- Joshua updated class diagram to incorporate back-end changes
  - How did we submit for P1? Used only in slides or submitted to canvas?
- Joshua has a PR for database connection related to user database
  -	What are the credentials? Should Joshua leave his hard-coded for now?
- Joshua also updated dev manual for database connection on local environments
- Finishing P2:
  - User stories.md doc needs to be reviewed
  - Kanban board, Jess uploads screenshots
  - Export class diagram as pdf
  - Development manual – merge in Joshua’s PR and Malachy adds a few other small items
  - TLM – Morgan will review
  - Output of scrum ceremonies – Jess verifies docs in repo are complete