# t04 Sprint 2 Meeting Minutes

## Sunday 10/03/2021
- Who wants to be the scrum master?
  - Jess will be scrum master for sprint 2, Saatwika can be scrum master for sprint 3
- Java logic for the backend
  - Develop backend first
- What do we want to use for the frontend?
  - We can decide after we develop more of the backend
- Jess will make more stories/tasks
- We can get a better idea of the tasks that need to be completed this week
- We will meet next on Thursday 10/07

## Thursday 10/07/2021
- Work on CW4, not sure when the due date is
- Pick up tasks Jess added to the Kanban board
- Work on class diagram (Varshik & Saatwika)
- Start frontend page (Morgan)
- Add piece classes (Malachy)

## Sunday 10/10/2021
- Joshua asked if API work has been started. It hasn’t, and Jess is interested; so, Joshua and Jess will work together. Implement as JSON objects most likely
- Malachy added his own A2 to our repo in order to fix errors generated by adding only Piece classes
- Initializing chessboard is done, added tests, and fixed tests (Malachy completed)
- Malachy fixed other piece classes for Legan rules
- NOTE: Pawn promotion relates to Legan chess rules and specific squares “promote” pawns

- TODO:
  - We still need to update class diagram to match Legan chess (Varshik/Saatwika ?)
  - Need to fix Queen and Knight and adjust Pawn class to handle promotion
  - Jess, Joshua, and Morgan work on home page UI connecting with API calls
 
- Questions:
  - Do we have access to DB for users? Also, we could create a flat file as permanent or temp solution instead of DB.
  - What info will frontend UI capture and send to API? Joshua suggested password uses only TLS, not additional security measures. 

## Thursday 10/14/2021
- We will now have scrums during first 10/15 mins of class on T/TH
  - If you will be absent please let us know (a message in Teams works)
- Continue with registration/login frontend development
  - We will use reactstrap
  - Make components compatible with design
- Jess added more tasks for us to do for P2
  - Assign yourself to tasks as needed
- Who wants to present for P2?
  - Saatwika will be scrum master, so she can present if she wants
  - Otherwise, Malachy volunteered
- Look over class diagram
  - Will make changes as needed
- Next meeting Sunday 10/17/21

## Sunday 10/17/2021
- Leave open the retrospective until Tuesday and dicuss in class
- Joshua will start on the development manual
- Jess will start a slide for sprint review for the presentation
- Does Saatwika want to do the presentation for P2?
- We will meet at least once a week outside of class, and then TUE/THU in class
