# t04 Sprint 5 Meeting Minutes

## Sunday 11/21/2021
- Morgan's logger issue somehow fixed itself (we think it's an intellij problem)
  - Morgan is hoping to finish the registration page this week
- Jess will work on new tasks this week
- All other team members who weren't at this meeting should give updates through Teams chat
- We will meet on Sunday 11/28 for our next scrum

## Sunday 11/28/2021
- Morgan needs more help solving her logger problem
  - Malachy will look over her branch
  - Once the issue is solved, the task will be easy to finish
- Jess is wrapping up A3 and CW9 and will start more tasks this week
- Malachy will make the presentation for P3
- Any updates from Varshik, Saatwika, and Joshua?
- We will continue to meet on Thursdays at 2:45 and Sundays at 4
- 
## Thursday 12/3/2021
Morgan - Waiting for josh to add function finishing registration and login
Josh- Josh changing database to work shortly
Saatwika - Profile Management, Reviewing database and matches
Varshik - Working on homepage/chessboard UI component
Malachy - Chess checkmate and draw
Jess - Documentation for now

## Saturday 12/5/2021
Malachy 
-Backend tests and frontend login component
-Will be hunting down errors while waiting fot websockets
Morgan 
-No updates
Jess
-TLM Doc
-Reviewing saatwika's PR
Josh
-Transitional logic
-Websockets
-Adding Code to the chessboard 
Varshik
-Some error debugging
-No updates 
Saatwika 
-Profile Management - Fixed errors 

## Sunday 12/6/2021
Morgan
-Branch for login/register works when not running locally! 
Josh
-Changing some changes to the login
Jess
-Same as the last scrum
-Reviewing PR's 
-Traceability 
Saatwika
-Fixing problems with her branch
-Should be done tomorrow. 
Varshik
-Homepage, hardcoded design values 
-Waiting on API for chess games

